QUIZ
=====

ROUND 1
--------

1. What is the name of the organization known as ANSI - American National Standards Institute
2. What does the acronym ASCII stands for - American Standard Code for Information Interchange
3. What does BIOS stands for - Basic Input Output System
4. In relation to computer networking CDMA stands for  - Code Division Multiple Access
5. What does CMOS stands for - Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor
6. What does CMYK stands for - Cyan , Magenta, Yellow , Black

ROUND 2
--------

1. What is the company represented by the logo  - Cisco (old logo)
2. What is the icon shown here - USB
3. What is the social network website represented by  - Flicker
4. What is the social network represented by - Twitter
5. What is the social network website represented by - Tumblr
6. What is the social network website represented by - LinkedIn


ROUND 3
--------

1. Which type of software controlls the allocation of resources and software on a Computer - Operating System
2. What is the name of the specific technology replaced the DVD - Bluray
3. What is the name of the company that acquired Sun Micro Systems - Oracle
4. What company famously introduced the GeForce accelerated cards - nVidia
5. With regards to Windows PCs what does DLL stands for - Dynamic Linked Library
6. Who is the creator of Linux OS - Linus Torvalds


ROUND 4
--------

1. Qualtro Pro is an example of which type of software - Spreadsheet Software
2. What does the acronym CADD stands - Computer Aided Design and Drafting
3. With regards to Windows PCs what does OLE stands for - Object Linking and Embedding
4. In relation to computer gamign what does MMORPG - Massive Multiplayer Role Player Game
5. What is the name of viral company acquired by Nvidia - 3DfX
6. In Measuring computational power of CPU, what does FLOP stands for - Floating Point Operations per second



Tie-breaker
-----------


6. Ruwan Dharshana

what is the World's most popular ecom - ebay
current ceo of microsoft - Satya Nadella
no 1 for smartphone manufacturer - Samsung
microsoft alternative for ipod - Microsoft Zune
TFT stands for - Thin Film Transistor
main programming language used in Android - Java
founding chairman of ICTA - Professor V Samaranayake

5. Kathirkamanathan Nisanthan

what is the worlds most visited - Google / Facebook
current ceo of apple - Tim Cook
company responsible for Black Berry smartphone -RIM
LCD stands for - Liquid Crystal Display
alternative for ipad by Microsoft - Microsoft Surface
popular mobile operting system - Android
what name is used to identify the mini-computing centres established by government  -
