QUIZ
=====



ROUND 1
--------

1. What is the technology used in 3rd generation computers ? - Integrated Circuits
2. What is the communication technology that allows both parties communicate simulanatenously ? -  Full Duplex
3. Who gave the definition of computer virus for the first time? - Fred Cohen
4. Which server converts Web Address to a IP address ? -  DNS Server
5. Which network device sends the data packets to specific address only ? - Switch
6. .MOV extension refers to which type of file ? - Video File


ROUND 2
--------

1. What is the thinnest and lightest laptop made by Apple, what it is called ? - MacBook Air
2. What type of computer is shown on your screen ? -  Super Computer
3. Identify the type of printer shown in the image ? - 3D printer
4. Identify the specific name of the device shown here ? - SSD
5. What is this type of connector on mother board known as ? - Socket Architecture
6. What is this type of connector on processor known as ? - Pin Grid Architecture (PGA)


ROUND 3
--------

1. Before the age of torrents, what is the popular platform for downloaded pirated content ? - P2P Architecture
2. Facebook is aimed at general users, which is aimed at professionals ? - LinkedIn
3. With relation to mobile networks, What does GPRS stands for ? - General Packet Radio Service
4. With relation to web development what does ASP stands for ? - Active Server Pages
5. With relation to Email , what does IMAP stands for ?  - Internet Message Access Protocol
6. What is the format now used for representing integer number in modern computers ? - Two's Complement System


ROUND 4
--------

1. Kim Dot Com was famous for creating which website ? - Megaupload.com
2. Before chat forums was introduced, popular method was BBS, what does BBS stands for ? - Bulletin Board Service
3. If you set tapping or delaying mechanism for a network intruder, what term could be used to describe it ? - Honeypot
4. With relation to network security, what does TLS stands for ? - Transport Layer Security
5. With relation to web development, what does JSP stands for ?  - Java Server Pages
6. What does google play known by , before its named as google play ? - Android Market